v1.4.0: support Rancher deployed Windows Cluster (#546)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.4.0/advanced-resources/deploy/rancher_windows_cluster.md

weight: 5
---

Rancher can provision a Windows cluster with combination of Linux worker nodes and Windows worker nodes.
For more information on the Rancher Windows cluster, see the official [Rancher documentation](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.x/en/cluster-provisioning/rke-clusters/windows-clusters/).

In a Rancher Windows cluster, all Linux worker nodes are:
- Tainted with the taint `cattle.io/os=linux:NoSchedule`
- Labeled with `kubernetes.io/os:linux`

Follow this document to [Deploy Longhorn With Supported Helm Chart](#deploy-longhorn-with-supported-helm-chart) or [Setup Longhorn Components For Existing Longhorn](#setup-longhorn-components-for-existing-longhorn).

> **Note**: After Longhorn is deployed, you can launch workloads that use Longhorn volumes only on Linux nodes.

## Deploy Longhorn With Supported Helm Chart
You can update the Helm value `global.cattle.windowsCluster.enbled` to allow Longhorn installation on the Rancher Windows cluster.

> When this value is set to `true`, Longhorn will recognize the Rancher Windows cluster node toleration and deploy Longhorn components with the node selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this value is set to `true`, Longhorn will recognize the Rancher Windows cluster then deploy Longhorn components with the correct node selector and tolerations so that all Longhorn workloads can be launched on Linux nodes only.
```

Author: Updated.
